Update introduction and overview with SVCB (#11)
tfpauly/draft-happy-eyeballs-v3: draft-happy-eyeballs-v3.md

establishing a connection more quickly. This document specifies
requirements for algorithms that reduce this user-visible delay and
provides an example algorithm, referred to as "Happy Eyeballs". This

> document updates the algorithm description in {{?HEV2=RFC8305}}.

Reviewer: I think we can't generally have reference links in an abstract...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
document updates the algorithm description in RFC 8305.
```

Author: Ah, good to know. Thank you!

which to attempt connections, and how to race the connection
attempts.

As compared to {{HEV2}}, this document adds support for incorporating
SVCB / HTTPS resource records (RRs)
{{!SVCB=I-D.ietf-dnsop-svcb-https}}. SVCB RRs provide alternative
endpoints and associated information about protocol support, Encrypted
ClientHello {{!ECH=I-D.ietf-tls-esni}} keys, address hints, among
other relevant hints which may help speed up connection establishment
and improve user privacy. Discovering protocol support during

> resolution, such as for HTTP/3 (QUIC transport) {{?RFC9114}}, allows

Reviewer: ```suggestion
resolution, such as for HTTP/3 over QUIC {{?RFC9114}}, allows
```

> attempting to use the protocol for the current connection, instead of
> using information from other discovery mechanisms such as HTTP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
upgrading between protocols without state from previous connections, instead of
using information from other discovery mechanisms such as HTTP
```

Author: "without state from previous connections" sounded a bit odd to me so I reworded the sentence slightly. Hopefully it sounds better :)

({{connections}})

Note that this document assumes that the preference policy for the

> host destination address favors QUIC over TCP, and IPv6 over IPv4.

Reviewer: I think I'd split the QUIC/TCP consideration into a separate paragraph, after this one. "This document also assumes..."

Author: Done :)

Note that this document assumes that the preference policy for the
host destination address favors IPv6 over IPv4. IPv6 has many
desirable properties designed to be improvements over IPv4
{{?IPV6=RFC8200}}.

This document also assumes that the preference policy favors QUIC over
TCP. QUIC only requires one packet to establish a secure connection,

> making it quicker compared to TCP {{?QUIC=RFC9000}}.

Reviewer: Nice pun =)
